# Brotal.FireflyIII.Model.BillProperties

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CreatedAt** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**UpdatedAt** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the subscription. | [optional] 
**ObjectHasCurrencySetting** | **bool** | Indicates whether the object has a currency setting. If false, the object uses the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**CurrencyId** | **string** | The currency ID of the currency associated with this object. | [optional] 
**CurrencyName** | **string** | The currency name of the currency associated with this object. | [optional] 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code of the currency associated with this object. | [optional] 
**CurrencySymbol** | **string** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**CurrencyDecimalPlaces** | **int** |  | [optional] [readonly] 
**PrimaryCurrencyId** | **string** | The currency ID of the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PrimaryCurrencyName** | **string** | The currency name of the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PrimaryCurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency code of the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PrimaryCurrencySymbol** | **string** | The currency symbol of the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PrimaryCurrencyDecimalPlaces** | **int** | The currency decimal places of the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] [readonly] 
**AmountMin** | **string** | The minimum amount that is expected for this subscription in the subscription&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**PcAmountMin** | **string** | The minimum amount that is expected for this subscription in the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] 
**AmountMax** | **string** | The maximum amount that is expected for this subscription in the subscription&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**PcAmountMax** | **string** | The maximum amount that is expected for this subscription in the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] 
**AmountAvg** | **string** | The average amount that is expected for this subscription in the subscription&#39;s currency. | [optional] 
**PcAmountAvg** | **string** | The average amount that is expected for this subscription in the administration&#39;s primary currency. | [optional] 
**Date** | **DateTime** |  | [optional] 
**EndDate** | **DateTime** | The date after which this subscription is no longer valid or applicable | [optional] 
**ExtensionDate** | **DateTime** | The date before which the subscription must be renewed (or cancelled) | [optional] 
**RepeatFreq** | **BillRepeatFrequency** |  | [optional] 
**Skip** | **int** | How often the subscription will be skipped. 1 means a bi-monthly subscription. | [optional] 
**Active** | **bool** | If the subscription is active. | [optional] 
**Order** | **int** | Order of the subscription. | [optional] 
**Notes** | **string** |  | [optional] 
**ObjectGroupId** | **string** | The group ID of the group this object is part of. NULL if no group. | [optional] 
**ObjectGroupOrder** | **int** | The order of the group. At least 1, for the highest sorting. | [optional] [readonly] 
**ObjectGroupTitle** | **string** | The name of the group. NULL if no group. | [optional] 
**PaidDates** | [**List&lt;BillPropertiesPaidDatesInner&gt;**](BillPropertiesPaidDatesInner.md) | Array of past transactions when the subscription was paid. | [optional] [readonly] 
**PayDates** | **List&lt;DateTime&gt;** | Array of future dates when the bill is expected to be paid. Autogenerated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**NextExpectedMatch** | **DateTime** | When the subscription is expected to be due. | [optional] [readonly] 
**NextExpectedMatchDiff** | **string** | Formatted (locally) when the subscription is due. | [optional] [readonly] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

